The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
To be or not to be, that is the question.
All that glitters is not gold.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
Actions speak louder than words.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
The early bird catches the worm.
You can’t judge a book by its cover.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
Practice makes perfect in every endeavor.
Knowledge is power, but wisdom is knowing when to use it.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans.
Success is not the key to happiness; happiness is the key to success.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Happiness is not something ready-made; it comes from your own actions.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Life isn’t about finding yourself; it’s about creating yourself.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you.
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times if one only remembers to turn on the light.
The best time to plant a tree was twenty years ago; the second best time is now.
Your time is limited, don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
The mind is everything; what you think, you become.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
What we think, we become; what we feel, we attract; what we imagine, we create.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.
The greatest wealth is to live content with little, for there is never want where the mind is satisfied.
It’s not whether you get knocked down; it’s whether you get up again.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.